Hey everyone.
Welcome back, and
we're gonna start downloading the Ubuntu
Image, which is operating system.
>> All right, so the first thing we go
ahead and do is go to 96boards.org.
Next you wanna look for the blue
board on the right side over there,
which is the DragonBoard 410c,
and you click on that.
After you get to this page, you go
ahead and click on the downloads tab.
You scroll down a bit, and
you can see right here under
the Latest MicroSD card images,
you see the Ubuntu Image file.
And go ahead and download that zip file.
>> So as soon as we click that,
it's gonna start downloading.
So, let's save it on the Documents.
And while this is downloading,
we're gonna start downloading
the Win32 Disk Imager next.
And with that imager,
we'll have everything we need to start
flashing the image onto the SD card.
>> So, we'll see you in the next session.